> Is there anything else you would like us to know?

As I'll become a University student after this summer, I'll make sure to take advantage of the resources available to learn more about laws, especially those regarding copyright and fair use. Also languages and literature classes, so I can express my ideas and advertisements clearly, without ambiguity, and not causing inconvenience for others. And I'll treat people with more patience and think in their perspective more so I can better respect them and communicate my ideas. I'm deeply sorry should I have hurt someone because of my naivety.

The rest of college life I have not decided, one thing for sure is that all colleges admitted me have only a generic computer science club, but not a specific one for iOS. Most likely I'll start one to provide a friendly environment where everyone is welcome to join, to learn about Swift and using advanced technologies to improve the world we live in, and encourage them to attend hackathons and WWDC to learn from other talented individuals and share their passion for Computer Science and for making technologies accessible like I do.

I'm aware that, even I talked about accessibility in the submission and I read blogs and articles about making technologies available for everyone every day, I'm far from becoming a qualified export UI/UX designer. I'm excited about learning more in areas of Computer Science, design, as well as education (as in teaching others effectively), so more can benefit from my blog posts and tutorials derived from experience in attending WWDC for the third year, if selected.

Looking back at my journey since January 2015, I can say I have achieved a lot. From learning English Swift on my own, to produce tutorials about iOS and Swift, to guide others in their journey with my experience, and to share what I learned from WWDC, I really wish I could attend WWDC this year again, but utilizing it even more by not wasting a single minute I have around in San Jose to build better relationships with other attendees, engineers, and designers, so I can learn more and tell the world--again--what a wonderful experience it is to attend WWDC.
